Summary of the Position:

We are seeking a Backend Developer to join our application development team at India (Pune) Development Center. The candidate will play a significant role in developing highly interactive and cutting-edge applications for enterprise clients. The candidate will provide hands-on development expertise and technical abilities to deliver quality software solutions.

Job Responsibilities:

Develop Microservices and REST API that will integrate with Frontend.
Translate business requirements into high-quality code.
Experience in deploying application on Cloud- Azure.
Focus on code maintainability and performance of an application.
Provide technical advice and assists in solving programming problems
Hands-on experience with unit and automation testing tools such as Junit

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in any Engineering discipline from reputed engineering college
6+ years of strong programming skills in Cloud Technologies and backend development
Hands-on experience in deploying Microservices and REST APIs using Java and Spring Boot.
Strong integration experience using Node.js, AJAX and JSON
Experience in working with NoSQL like Combos DB and RDBMS like Azure, SQL.
Strong deployment experience on Azure functions.
Nice to have:
Hands-on experience with Build and CI/CD tools like Ant, Gradle, Docker, Jenkins
Hands-on experience with unit and automation testing tools such as Junit, Rest Assured, Serenity, JMeter, etc
Working knowledge of software design patterns, distributed systems, resiliency, security and logging
Passionate, adaptable, flexible, independent and self-motivated individuals who take initiative and ownership of projects are desired.
Nice to have good written and verbal communication skills

Company Description

Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in the travel, retail, insurance and high technology industries. We accelerate the delivery of digital customer engagement systems using digital technologies such as cloud, microservices, robotic process automation and artificial intelligence to our clients.

Infogain delivers positive business outcomes for Fortune 500 companies and digital natives, using rapid prototyping and a solid foundation of DevSecOps-based software platform engineering that ensure high-quality and on-time delivery. A ChrysCapital portfolio company, Infogain has offices in California, Washington, Texas, London, Dubai, India and Singapore, with delivery centers in Austin, New Delhi, Bangalore, Pune, and Mumbai.

Visit us as www.infogain.com to learn more.