We are seeking talented and creative individuals for a Java Developer opportunity on our Performance Management team to develop and evolve our enterprise software applications. You will have passion and enjoy solving complex issues, learning new technologies and designing/delivering user-friendly solutions. In addition, you should be self-motivated and committed, and able to work independently or in cooperation with other team members from different disciplines.

Responsibilities
Analyze, design, program, debug, and modify software enhancements, and/or new products.
Write scalable, reliable, & maintainable code and perform testing and debugging of applications.
Complete documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
Perform product design, implementation, bug verification, release testing, and beta support that may require research and analysis.
Engage in daily or weekly interaction with users or cross-functional team members to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications.
Work closely with Solution Architects and Project Managers to propose technically feasible solutions and set accurate expectations on effort and timeline.
Cooperate efficiently with the delivery teams of Design and Quality Assurance to ensure that each area is delivering quality, on time.
Required Skills
2 to 5+ years' experience in a software development role
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline
Good level of written and oral English is essential
Advanced experience of Java in a professional environment
Experience working on a shipped product
Good knowledge of Spring, Hibernate, JSF, J2EE, SQL and Oracle
Professional experience of web applications development
Knowledge of coding techniques & technology frameworks
An understanding of installations, testing methodologies, and troubleshooting techniques
Passion to solve an unmet need
Desired Skills
Previous experience with commercial HRIS applications
Knowledge of Agile methodologies
Experience with Adobe Flex
Professional experience in a SAAS model
Experience in SDLC
Understand enterprise market

Apply now at careers@providenceconsulting.in