No relocation needed, can telework from home, required good Internet*
Who is TEKgile?*
We are a tech company that works with our international partners to deliver modern apps and software for various types of businesses. We work with global companies and various clients to always push the limits of web and server applications.
Why would I want to be a JavaScript Developer at TEKgile?*
TEKgile and our International partner company aims to continue its growth trajectory in Japan and have a variety of geospatial web app projects to work on. Software and app improvements are vital to the success of the company and are looking to grow our team to add new features to what is being offered. You will be working with our Product Manager, who is based in Japan as well as our Technical manager in Trivandrum. The team focuses on all product life cycle, bugs, and features that relate to the existing clients and future needs of the project.

The JavaScript Developer role is focused on building various web app dashboards focused around geospatial data, and continuing to grow the functionality and capabilities of our frameworks. Responsibilities include helping to grow the features of existing projects and new projects. You would be partnered with other team members to assist with various DevOps tasks.
We are looking for someone that is: *
Looking to take ownership of your tasks and be held accountable for their quality and completion
Interested in modern applications
Code ninja with an attention to detail
Being great at what you do and enjoy doing it
What would I be doing?*
Support the development of server and web applications that are based on JavaScript (ExtJS 6, NodeJS).
Focused on supporting the continued development and improvements to the existing and new JavaScript applications for frontend and backend.
Implementing features independently or with team members
Writing unit tests, internal and external documentation.
Debugging, and problem-solving bugs.
Working with SQL based databases
Working in the AWS Cloud environment.
What key skills and experience do I need?*
Proficiency in English
Strong understanding of and experience in JavaScript (MVC & MVVM)
Strong understanding of NodeJS, Express and ES6
Experience in web app JavaScript (Bootstrap, jQuery)
Experience in both functional and object-oriented programming
Good understanding of SQL
Experience in writing Unit Tests
It would be great if you can also bring: *
Experience in PostgreSQL and PostGIS
Experience in ExtJS 6.x
Experience in HTML/CSS
Good understanding of NoSQL (MongoDB/ElasticSearch)
Experience in Amazon AWS Lambda, API Gateway, EC2, S3, SNS, SQS
Understanding and experience in OAuth v2
What are the perks?*
Monday to Friday schedule (5 day weeks / 40 hour work weeks)
Up to 5% performance bonus (paid quarterly)
Competitive salary
Personal laptop stipend
Ability to work from home anywhere in India
Company Values*
Quality service* - We make sure all of our customers that use our product have the best experience.
Ability to adapt *- Being in a startup lifestyle and new technology space, we look for team members that are always willing to adapt to the constant change.
Pushing the limits *- We feel that there is always room to improve and be the best in our space. Everyone's input is valued and encouraged to make everything better.
Help the team *- "How can I help?" is a common phrase where we work. It is not only about completing your goals and tasks but important that we pitch in to help make sure the team hits their goals as well.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Paid sick time
Paid time off
Work from home
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
total work: 4 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Benefits:
Paid leaves / Leave encashment
Work from home
Flexible work hours
Industry:
Software Development
Work Remotely:
Yes